null
    Discard all samples (playback) or generate zero samples (capture)
pulse
    PulseAudio Sound Server
default
    Playback/recording through the PulseAudio sound server
music
demixer
voice
aux_plug
music_and_voice
hdmi:CARD=tegrahda,DEV=0
    tegra-hda, HDMI 0
    HDMI Audio Output
dmix:CARD=tegrahda,DEV=3
    tegra-hda, HDMI 0
    Direct sample mixing device
dsnoop:CARD=tegrahda,DEV=3
    tegra-hda, HDMI 0
    Direct sample snooping device
hw:CARD=tegrahda,DEV=3
    tegra-hda, HDMI 0
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
plughw:CARD=tegrahda,DEV=3
    tegra-hda, HDMI 0
    Hardware device with all software conversions
sysdefault:CARD=jetsonnanowm896
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Default Audio Device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=0
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=1
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=2
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=3
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=4
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=5
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=6
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=7
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=8
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dmix:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=9
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample mixing device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=0
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=1
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=2
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=3
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=4
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=5
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=6
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=7
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=8
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
dsnoop:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=9
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct sample snooping device
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=0
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=1
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=2
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=3
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=4
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=5
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=6
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=7
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=8
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
hw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=9
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Direct hardware device without any conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=0
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=1
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=2
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=3
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=4
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=5
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=6
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=7
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=8
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
plughw:CARD=jetsonnanowm896,DEV=9
    jetson-nano-wm8960, 
    Hardware device with all software conversions
